Please go through the problem statement and find the Dataset attached in the Project Section.

Grocery Store Data: dataset_group.csv

The project involves conducting a thorough analysis of Point of Sale (POS) Data for providing recommendations through which a grocery store can increase its revenue by popular combo offers & discounts for customers.

Problem Statement:
A Grocery Store shared the transactional data with you. Your job is to identify the most popular combos that can be suggested to the Grocery Store chain after a thorough analysis of the most commonly occurring sets of items in the customer orders. The Store doesn’t have any combo offers. Can you suggest the best combos & offers?

Exploratory Analysis

Exploratory Analysis of data & an executive summary (in PPT) of your top findings, supported by graphs.
Are there trends across months/years/quarters/days etc. that you are able to notice?
Use of Market Basket Analysis (Association Rules)

Write Something about the association rules and their relevance in this case
Add KNIME workflow Image 
Write about threshold values of Support and Confidence
Associations Identified 

Put the associations in a tabular manner
Explain about support, confidence, & lift values that are calculated                                 
A suggestion of Possible Combos with Lucrative Offers

Write recommendations
Make discount offers or combos (or buy two get one free) based on the associations and your experience          
Tools to be used:

KNIME Analytics Platform / Tableau / Python for EDA
KNIME Analytics Platform for Market Basket Analysis
Please note the following:

Your submission should include the following:
A PowerPoint Presentation (Deck of min 15 slides) - You will be evaluated based upon this. (You can convert PPT to PDF, that is also acceptable)
Supporting file- You can use any tool (Tableau or Python or KNIME) for EDA but KNIME for Market Basket Analysis to be used is a must for this project. It’s a must to share the working file/code for reference
Please ensure timely submission as a post-deadline assignment will not be accepted.